pal they turned up for the second
Saturday in a row undeterred by The
Heavy Rain younger older from different
organizations the faithful and the
secular all with the same intention it's
not about religion it's about Humanity
coming together and fighting for what's
right all human being and and what
Israel is doing to Palestine is not fair
it was important for everyone to come
out and important for me as a Jew to
come out because Jews have had
experience of genocide tens of thousands
of people have once again marched in
central London to demonstrate their
anger at what is happening in Gaza but
also to show solidarity with the
Palestinian people and as the organizers
have said they will keep marching to
promote awareness of what is happening
there from
Madrid
to Milan and
Beyond even in Germany home to one of
the largest Muslim communities in the
European Union but where such protests
have been restricted the government says
that the curbs are to stop public
disorder and to prevent
anti-Semitism but many here still turned
up publicly expressing support for
gazans despite the threat of
arrest and as the war in Gaza enters its
third week there is no sign of the
emotions lessening or the demands that
so many here are making for leaders to
find political solutions to this
conflict Sonia Gago Al jazer
London make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer